feat(ses): importNowHook (#2202)
endojs/endo: packages/ses/NEWS.md

User-visible changes in SES:

# Next release

> - `importNowHook` has been added to the `Compartment` options. The hook will be invoked whenever a yet not loaded module is attempted to be synchronously imported via `compartmentInstance.importNow(specifier)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `importNowHook` to the `Compartment` options. The compartment will invoke the hook whenever it encounters a missing dependency during while running `compartmentInstance.importNow(specifier)`, which cannot use an asynchronous `importHook`.
```
